Q1. What is data?
A1. Data is information processed or stored by a computer, it is a collection of facts, such as 
    numbers, words, measurements, observations or just descriptions of things. It may be processed 
    by the computer's CPU and is stored in files and folders on the computer's hard disk. It is a 
    bunch of ones and zeros, known as binary data. Because all computer data is in binary format, 
    it can be created, processed, saved, and stored digitally.
    
Q2. What is data structures?
A2. A data structure is a collection of data type 'values' which are stored and organized in such a 
    way that it allows for efficient access and modification. In some cases a data structure can become 
    the underlying implementation for a particular data type. There are several basic and advanced types 
    of data structures, all designed to arrange data to suit a specific purpose. Data structures make it 
    easy for users to access and work with the data they need in appropriate ways. Most importantly, data 
    structures frame the organization of information so that machines and humans can better understand it.
    
Q3. What is abstract data types?
A3. A normal data type is basically a type of data that can be used in different computer program, it signifies 
    the type like integer, float etc. The abstract datatype is special kind of datatype, whose behavior is defined 
    by a set of values and set of operations. The keyword “Abstract” is used as we can use these datatypes, we can 
    perform different operations. But how those operations are working that is totally hidden from the user. The 
    ADT is made of with primitive datatypes, but operation logics are hidden. Some examples of ADT are Stack, Queue,
    List etc.
    
Q4. Need of data structures in real life.
A4. Data structures are the means by which computers store, organize, and access data. The more data a computer must
    handle, the faster its processor must work. As data increases, the processor can fail to keep up unless that data
    is well organized into a data structure. Second, data structures make data searchable. We've all looked at a long 
    list of numbers or huge spreadsheet and wondered how we are ever going to find what we need. Data  structures 
    have search functions built right in, so we can access what we require simply and quickly. Third, 
    data structures are necessary to handle high levels of requests for data. We highly need data structures in real 
    life to make our lives much easier and efficient.
